We spent the night there.
I'm looking forward to tonight
When I come to the beach, there is no waves
The girl's heart is full of joy
Her heart beats fast
She is always by my side
When I come to the beach, there is no waves
Love is broken and broken
Who broke it?
I can't meet Mr. Osakusaku anymore
That mean man is not wrong
Love is a bad man
What should I do?
The anger of the moment and sadness
The girl's heart is also disturbed
Omitsu, what were you doing at that time?
You didn't come to me, so I was worried
What were you doing?
I was looking for you
What?
What happened?
I don't care
Don't be so lazy
Let's go home
No
Mr. Osakusaku
Mr. Osakusaku?
What did you do?
Damn it!
What are you saying?
Where are you going?
You are finally back to your base